
++++++++++
 why not wearing masks?   

I don’t really know why not wearing a mask in US?

Reason 1: experts say “if you’re healthy, you don’t need to wear a mask”

But in Taiwan, they contain virus pretty well. 

The only difference between US and Taiwan is wearing masks.

You maybe say Taiwan is island so it’s easy to isolate virus from the outside of their border.

But US is also a BIG ISLAND from china.

You maybe say Taiwan's medical environment is good enough to take care of and manage patients,

But Europe’s is also good enough at the early stage. 

 

Reason 2: shortage of masks

but there are other substitute materials to make homemade masks. 

&amp;#x200B;

I wonder to know what are the reasons of not wearing masks in US?
++++++++++
 Social Stigma of Mask Perhaps the reason why the US government is telling healthy people not to wear mask is to avoid panic. If people see others wearing mask and find out they can’t buy it anymore, the level of panic will increase. Mass panic could prove to be much worse than the disease itself. Wearing mask does not always mean you are sick or a signal for other people to stay 10 feet away from you. On the other side of the globe, healthy people are wearing mask daily when they go out. Perhaps it’s time for the Western culture to drop the dumb stigma of wearing a mask.

Still, is spreading misinformation really the way? Why are civilians being shamed for buying mask? We have the right to protect ourselves. Why do they have to say mask is useless for healthy people? It is a dangerous statement coming out from the government. In China, anyone who does not wear a mask will be arrested. Mask does work, different types of mask means different level of protection. What if the person is asymptomatic aka he/she is a carrier but has not develop symptoms yet? Can we really trust sick people to wear mask? They don’t even know how to cover their cough/sneeze properly. They are also probably afraid of being called weird for wearing a mask.

Ask yourself, why do you wear a seatbelt? Because you never know what’s going to happen, you may be able to trust yourself but you are not the only person. There are others out there, others with lack of responsibility and care for other people.

They are saying that there is not enough mask for the front liner workers, so civilians should not be hoarding it. Well, it’s not like they had almost 2 months to prepare.. Oh wait, they did. For whatever reasons of why they were not being proactive, please don’t blame the civilians for the government’s lack of preparation.

It’s easy to point fingers at other people/country. US is by no means the worst, but yet they are far from the best.There are so many questionable things that the US government does regarding the disease. From the lack of airport closures, lack of airport security health check, faulty test kits, extremely strict rules in order to qualify for testing, patients literally turned away from testing, doctors and hospitals prohibited to do testings, etc.

A wise person once said, “If you are confused of why certain actions are being made, find the answer by following where the $ is.”

Damn right.

Argument:

[Even if there are cases next door, the answer is no, you do NOT need to get or wear any face masks—surgical masks, “N95 masks,” respirator masks, or anything else—to protect yourself against the coronavirus. Not only do you not need them, you shouldn’t wear them](


Studies:

[Mask Protects Cold and Flu](

[Can Mask Protect People from nCoV-19?](

[N95 vs Surgical mask](

[Can DIY Mask Protects us?](
++++++++++
 You should wear a mask when you go out I am a teenager and I have to carry 15 kg on my back every weekend while it's a hot and I have to wear a gas mask and walk 3 km back and forth, the gas mask is extremely uncomfortable and makes it hard to breathe in, but I still pull through and finish the job. So if I can do all that then you can wear a simple face mask just to go out, you're not gonna admit defeat to a teenager are you? Please wear a face mask when you leave your house, it's not that hard to do.
++++++++++
 Wear masks or cover your mouth at least. I have noticed something here.
All the countries abundant with masks are suggesting to wear masks.
Italians are starting to wear masks. If you watch recent videos, important people in Italy are wearing masks.

Doctors and nurses must wear masks to protect themselves.
For us, in America, we dont have enough masks, not even for medical professionals.

If we had more masks, the government would have suggested to wear masks!

Check our your local markets. Dont trust them saying that wearing mask doesnt do anything. It is better than nothing.

Wearing a mask is not a cultural thing.
We are just told not to wear them because we dont have enough. 

So, my suggest is just use anything that could be used as a mask.
++++++++++
 How long before high profile people finally start wearing masks and subsequently sell advertising space on their face? It curious to think about all these high profile people such as politicians and certain celebrities who don't otherwise wear masks. Do you think they may end up inevitably wearing masks to save their careers? If they end up finally wearing a mask do you think advertising space on their face would happen even further down the line?

PSA: This is not intended to discuss political parties, candidates and/or their ideals unrelated to mask wearing. Just politicians in *GENERAL* that currently aren't and/or refuse to wear masks. Thank you!
++++++++++
 CA - From a Bay Area RN... Many hospitals, including mine, are actually starting to ask for cloth mask donation due to significant mask shortages. This is largely due to the CDC's recommendation to "use homemade masks (e.g., bandana, scarf) for care of patients with COVID-19" in the event of a no-masks-available situation. (I suspect it is also the cheapest among their other recommendations). I've found that studies aren't very encouraging. I find it hard to rest when not at work so, to feel productive, I made this post to share on social media. I hope that people at least find it helpful in terms of information, patterns, etc. Or maybe someone far more creative than me comes up with a brilliant idea.

SHORT:

Please make cloth masks for hospitals. Maybe it is helpful, maybe it’s not, but it’s what the CDC is encouraging as our “last resort option” and it may be all we have.

Pattern One (focus on medium and large sizes for adults): [

Pattern Two: [

Pattern Three: [

Pattern Four (Use Mask 2): [

LONG:

Healthcare in the United States is critically short in Personal Protective Equipment, shortened to PPE because healthcare adores acronyms. Our most important piece of PPE are masks, which are also in the shortest of supplies. Ideally N95 masks which filter out droplet AND airborne particles when fitted properly on the facial hair free face, but also surgical masks which help filter out droplet particles only. The Center for Disease Control or CDC (another acronym for you!) originally recommended that all healthcare workers wear N95s or equivalent equipment when taking care of patients positive for or being ruled out for COVID-19. This recommendation was downgraded to surgical masks largely due to critical shortage of N95s in the United States. At the bottom this recommendation included the use of “bandannas or scarves” in the absence of any other masks. Unfortunately, it is very likely that hospital systems throughout the United States will have to listen to this recommendation. That is how low supplies are.

Honestly, according to my millennial-level proficiency in [Google]( research, not only do bandannas make us look like Wild West bank robbers but they also provide very little protection. As do scarves. Unfortunately, actual studies on cloth masks in general aren’t overly positive either.

At worst cloth masks may do more harm than good. One large study states: “Moisture retention, reuse of cloth masks and poor filtration may result in increased risk of infection” in comparison to surgical masks. Results show a staggering difference: "Penetration of cloth masks by \[infectious\] particles was almost 97% and medical masks 44%." The recommendation from this study is that cloth masks should not be used at all.

Reference: [

At best, cloth masks may offer some protection. The majority of other smaller studies state that cloth masks offer limited protection (a better than nothing approach) and should only be used in “last resort situations”

Hospital systems all across the country are coming very close to these “last resort” situations or are already there. It feels desperate. And desperate times apparently call for desperate DIY options. Our CDC is even recommending such options and I expect that more hospitals will be asking for donations.So this is why I’m making this guide because we – healthcare workers as well as those working at grocery stores, loading docks, in your local police depart, etc. - need all the creative, crafty assistance we can get.

DIY Hospital Face Mask

According to Cambridge University DIY Hospital Face Masks come down to two components: Filtration and breathability. In order of most effective to worse: Vacuum cleaner bags, dish towels/tea towels, pillow cases, and t-shirts are the best fabrics to use filtration. Most fabrics were harder to breath through than a surgical mask in varying percentages, and double layers made that worse. The conclusion was that pillow cases, especially antimicrobial ones; and 100% cotton t-shirts were the best materials to mae face masks out of due to an acceptable combination of filtration and breathability.

Reference: [

Another recommendation comes from Owensboro Health in Kentucky/Indiana , which states:

“1. Recommended fabric for the outer portion of the mask includes heaver, non-stretch fabric such as denim, duck cloth, canvas, twill, or other tight woven fabric.

2. Recommended fabric for the inner lining and filter pocket can be other cotton, cotton-blend non-stretch fabric. It can be thinner and softer, but again recommended minimal or non-stretch.3. Must be laundered in HOT water prior to sewing to prevent future shrinkage.”

Reference: [

As far as patterns go, my preference is for a more fitted and protective fit. These three sources appear to be the most easy to follow.

Pattern One (focus on medium and large sizes for adults): [

Pattern Two: [

Pattern Three (Use Mask 2): [

However, if your sewing skill (like mine) is limited, don’t hesitate to turn to the “tried and true” rectangular shape. I'm going to turn to Deaconess Hospital on this one.

Deaconess Hospital in Indiana has been on the forefront of DIY Face Masks and have helpful information available for your use. This includes a web page, pattern, and video!

Website: 

Pattern: [

Video: [

Another pattern similar to Deaconess’ is: [

I can’t even begin to express my thanks for any who go our of their way to create and donate these DIY Face Masks. I know this is asking a lot in terms of time, money, and materials.

Thank you in advance for all that you are giving your healthcare workers.

Sincerely,Your friendly neighborhood nurse.

P.S. My DIY dream is a moisture resistant cloth masks made from two layers that form a pocket where a vacuum cleaner bag piece could be inserted-and-removed for extra filtration. You deserve a DIY gold award if you make this happen.