
++++++++++
 Ambassador warns that China will stop students and tourists from visiting Australia over independent inquiry into the coronavirus pandemic  [ 

There is Bi-partisan support for this enquiry from both sides of out polical system and this needs to be pushed though, what are they hiding? Can we start to speculate that this thing should be called the CCP virus (Nothing to do with chinese people, but their government)?
++++++++++
 Argument with Finance company Lol, had an argument with a finance company. Rang to tell them the Fed Gov shut my business down and there's no income and Jobkeeper has not been approved as I have not even gotten a callback. Ie. there's no money, you won't see a payment.

They said they can reduce the payments by 50% temporarily. I said there's no money. He said well then how will we survive? I said the whole economy is collapsing the world over.

Lol he got mad at me when I said even banks were stopping payments temporarily. He said but they are charging interest to capitalise on later. I said yes that's later. He said Banks have income streams. I said tell that to the banks back in 2008 when they had to be bailed out.

All in all... the conversation was a complete joke. Thanks Denticare :)
++++++++++
 International students to fly to Canberra next month under pilot program About 350 international students will come to Canberra on a charter flight from an Asian airline hub next month under a planned pilot program that lays the groundwork for large-scale arrivals in the year ahead.

The tentative resumption of international arrivals – a joint effort between the Australian National University and University of Canberra, backed by the ACT and federal governments – will see students from across Asia return to face-to-face teaching in Australia, subject to strict health and border requirements.

Students will gather at a yet-to-be-decided flight hub and fly to Canberra, where they will quarantine for two weeks in hotels. The flight costs will be shared by the students and universities. The quarantine accommodation and support will be funded by the universities while other logistical support will be provided by the ACT.

"We have students in 50 countries that are stranded and we expect [those participating in the program] to be made up of people from lots of places, but the logistics come down to how do we get people here on a single flight coming into Canberra," ANU vice-chancellor Brian Schmidt said.

UC vice-chancellor Paddy Nixon said selection of students for the July pilot program would be based on a "mix of the ability to return, willingness to return and access to the hub".

"The thing that drives this is a trial that hopefully sets up the whole of the sector to be able to move forward," Professor Nixon said.

The program will prioritise continuing students in the later years of their undergraduate or postgraduate degrees at ANU and UC.

South Australia has announced its own plan to bring in 800 overseas students, which has also been endorsed by the federal government.

Federal Education Minister Dan Tehan said he had spoken with ACT Chief Minister Andrew Barr and SA Premier Steven Marshall and commended the plans.

"We are hopeful they will provide a good template and we will be reviewing them if, and when, the pilots take place," Mr Tehan said.

"Australia is well-placed to welcome the return of our international students in a COVID safe way."

He said two conditions had to be met before international students could return: the state or territory had to open its borders to domestic travel and the university campuses must be open for on-campus learning for domestic students and international students already in the country.

Asked if there would be community resistance to opening the borders to foreign nationals again, Professor Nixon said he would be "very surprised" if there was and the plan built on pre-existing efforts to repatriate Australian citizens under strict quarantine processes.

Professor Schmidt said: "We are going to be having that same strict quarantine regime here and I'm confident that Canberra will welcome back these people to their home away from home."

As a fresh outbreak of COVID-19 in Beijing triggers another lockdown and freeze on flights, the vice-chancellors said conditions in source countries would be critical in deciding student eligibility for the pilot program.

"We are going to be guided by the principle of safety first and everything else second," Professor Schmidt said.

---

Source: 